---
layout: post
title:  "I decided to learn software development because..."
date:   2017-04-30 17:50:12 +0000
---


I started learning python and javascript when i was like 18 because i thought it was cool. I loved physics and math and science and wanted to get a different aspect of those fields. Then I went on my own way for a while then came back to it because I decided i wanted to make more money, went back to school and started learning java & javascript. I realized money isn't that important to me so I kinda dropped it again for a while, because my current employer was going to pay for my engineering degree, so went back to school for mechanical engineering design and computer aided machining (programming cnc's and robotics, ladder logic), but I ended up realizing I enjoy more computer type programming, and web development, not really sure why but its more my cup of tea. I guess I just like that I can build things without needing any robots or plc's or cnc machines/3d printers even though all that stuff is cool. I want to eventually get more into data science/artificial intelligence once I'm done with my bachelors in software engineering I'm mostly taking this program because I'm only on my sophomore year in college in regards to software engineering, and this program will give me a proficiency even farther than a degree can take me, I can get an internship/apprenticeship once on my junior year and not feel like a total noob. Plus I can pretty much go any where maybe get a junior/mid level position once on my senior year because all my school is online even my university so i can go anywhere in the world really. After working 5 years though I'd like to work remote so I can travel a bit more and possibly in between 5-10 years I'd like to found my own startup that offers paid apprenticeships to people enrolled in bootcamps/college, or people coming out of prison to teach them a new skill(maybe even before they get out) to help reform them and keep them off the street (lets face it, putting a dog in a cage just doesn't teach it anything so much less than it would a human, some of these people just feel they don't have a chance cuz nobody has told them they do.) Would be nice if these people could be there for their families and not constantly looking over there back worried that they might end up in a situation where they may never see them again. 
